new: 74 9 False False True False old: 74 10 False False True True
new: 75 9 True False False False old: 74 9 False True True False
new: 75 8 False False True False old: 75 9 True False False True
new: 66 0 False False True False old: 66 1 False False True True
new: 65 0 False True False False old: 66 0 True False True False
new: 64 0 False True False False old: 65 0 True True False False
new: 63 0 False True False False old: 64 0 True True False False
new: 63 124 False False True False old: 63 0 False True False True
new: 43 0 False False False True old: 43 124 False False True True
new: 42 0 False True False False old: 43 0 True False False True
new: 42 124 False False True False old: 42 0 False True False True
new: 40 0 False False False True old: 40 124 False False True True
new: 40 1 False False False True old: 40 0 False False True True
new: 47 9 False False False True old: 47 8 True False True False
new: 48 9 True False False False old: 47 9 False True False True
new: 49 9 True False False False old: 48 9 True True False False
new: 50 9 True False False False old: 49 9 True True False False
new: 50 8 False False True False old: 50 9 True False False True
new: 50 0 False False True False old: 50 1 False False True True
new: 50 124 False False True False old: 50 0 False False True True
new: 60 0 False False False True old: 60 124 True False True False
new: 60 1 False False False True old: 60 0 False False True True
new: 56 9 False False False True old: 56 8 False False True True
new: 56 10 False False False True old: 56 9 False False True True
new: 61 9 False False True False old: 61 10 True False False True
new: 62 9 True False False False old: 61 9 False True True False
new: 62 8 False False True False old: 62 9 True False False True
new: 58 9 False False False True old: 58 8 False False True True
new: 57 9 False True False False old: 58 9 True False False True
new: 57 8 False False True False old: 57 9 False True False True
new: 57 10 False False False True old: 57 9 False True True True
new: 59 9 False False True False old: 59 10 True False False True
new: 59 8 False False True False old: 59 9 False False True True
new: 60 9 False False False True old: 60 8 True False True False
new: 63 9 False False False True old: 63 8 False False True True
new: 64 9 True False False False old: 63 9 False True False True
new: 64 10 False False False True old: 64 9 True False True False
new: 0 112 True False False False old: 124 112 True True False False
new: 1 112 True False False False old: 0 112 True True False False
new: 0 111 False True False False old: 1 111 True False True False
new: 0 110 False False True False old: 0 111 False True False True
new: 1 110 True False False False old: 0 110 False True True False
new: 0 108 False True False False old: 1 108 True True False False
new: 124 108 False True False False old: 0 108 True True False False
new: 0 91 True False False False old: 124 91 True True False False
new: 0 92 False False False True old: 0 91 True False True False
new: 0 93 False False False True old: 0 92 False False True True
new: 124 93 False True False False old: 0 93 True False False True
new: 0 100 True False False False old: 124 100 False True False True
new: 1 100 True False False False old: 0 100 True True False False
new: 0 99 False True False False old: 1 99 True False True False
new: 0 98 False False True False old: 0 99 False True False True
new: 124 98 False True False False old: 0 98 True False True False
new: 0 97 True False False False old: 124 97 False True True False
new: 0 96 False False True False old: 0 97 True False False True
new: 0 95 False False True False old: 0 96 False False True True
new: 124 95 False True False False old: 0 95 True False True False
new: 0 94 True False False False old: 124 94 False True True False
new: 1 94 True False False False old: 0 94 True True False False
new: 0 89 False True False False old: 1 89 True False True False
new: 0 88 False False True False old: 0 89 False True False True
new: 124 88 False True False False old: 0 88 True False True False
new: 0 90 True False False False old: 124 90 True True False False
new: 0 75 True False False False old: 124 75 True True False False
new: 0 74 False False True False old: 0 75 True False False True
new: 0 73 False False True False old: 0 74 False False True True
new: 0 72 False False True False old: 0 73 False False True True
new: 1 72 True False False False old: 0 72 False True True False
new: 0 61 False True False False old: 1 61 True False True False
new: 124 61 False True False False old: 0 61 True True False False
new: 0 62 True False False False old: 124 62 False True False True
new: 0 63 False False False True old: 0 62 True False True False
new: 124 63 False True False False old: 0 63 True False False True
new: 113 9 False False True False old: 113 10 True False False True
new: 113 8 False False True False old: 113 9 False False True True
new: 111 9 False False False True old: 111 8 False True True False
new: 112 9 True False False False old: 111 9 False True False True
new: 110 9 False True False False old: 111 9 True True False True
new: 109 9 False True False False old: 110 9 True True False False
new: 109 8 False False True False old: 109 9 False True False True
new: 99 9 False False False True old: 99 8 False False True True
new: 99 10 False False False True old: 99 9 False False True True
new: 98 9 False False True False old: 98 10 False True False True
new: 98 8 False False True False old: 98 9 False False True True
new: 87 9 False False False True old: 87 8 False False True True
new: 87 10 False False False True old: 87 9 False False True True
new: 84 9 False False True False old: 84 10 False False True True
new: 85 9 True False False False old: 84 9 False True True False
new: 86 9 True False False False old: 85 9 True True False False
new: 86 8 False False True False old: 86 9 True False False True
new: 84 0 False False True False old: 84 1 False False True True
new: 85 0 True False False False old: 84 0 False True True False
new: 85 124 False False True False old: 85 0 True False False True
new: 83 0 False False False True old: 83 124 False False True True
new: 82 0 False True False False old: 83 0 True False False True
new: 82 124 False False True False old: 82 0 False True False True
new: 70 0 False False False True old: 70 124 False False True True
new: 69 0 False True False False old: 70 0 True False False True
new: 69 124 False False True False old: 69 0 False True False True
new: 36 9 False False True False old: 36 10 False False True True
new: 37 9 True False False False old: 36 9 False True True False
new: 37 10 False False False True old: 37 9 True False True False
new: 40 9 False False True False old: 40 10 False True False True
new: 40 8 False False True False old: 40 9 False False True True
new: 41 9 False False False True old: 41 8 False True True False
new: 42 9 True False False False old: 41 9 False True False True
new: 43 9 True False False False old: 42 9 True True False False
new: 44 9 True False False False old: 43 9 True True False False
new: 44 10 False False False True old: 44 9 True False True False
new: 51 9 False False True False old: 51 10 False True False True
new: 52 9 True False False False old: 51 9 False True True False
new: 53 9 True False False False old: 52 9 True True False False
new: 54 9 True False False False old: 53 9 True True False False
new: 54 10 False False False True old: 54 9 True False True False
new: 55 9 False False True False old: 55 10 False False True True
new: 55 8 False False True False old: 55 9 False False True True
new: 46 9 False False True False old: 46 10 True False True True
new: 45 9 False True False False old: 46 9 True False True False
new: 45 8 False False True False old: 45 9 False True False True
new: 39 0 False False True False old: 39 1 False False True True
new: 39 124 False False True False old: 39 0 False False True True
new: 38 0 False False False True old: 38 124 False True True False
new: 38 1 False False False True old: 38 0 False False True True
new: 35 0 False False True False old: 35 1 False True False True
new: 34 0 False True False False old: 35 0 True False True False
new: 34 124 False False True False old: 34 0 False True False True
new: 33 0 False False False True old: 33 124 False True True False
new: 33 1 False False False True old: 33 0 False False True True
new: 31 0 False False True False old: 31 1 False False True True
new: 30 0 False True False False old: 31 0 True False True False
new: 30 124 False False True False old: 30 0 False True False True
new: 29 0 False False False True old: 29 124 False True True False
new: 29 1 False False False True old: 29 0 False False True True
new: 27 9 False False False True old: 27 8 True False True False
new: 28 9 True False False False old: 27 9 False True False True
new: 28 10 False False False True old: 28 9 True False True False
new: 29 9 False False True False old: 29 10 True False False True
new: 29 8 False False True False old: 29 9 False False True True
new: 38 9 False False False True old: 38 8 False True True False
new: 39 9 True False False False old: 38 9 False True False True
new: 39 10 False False False True old: 39 9 True False True False
new: 34 9 False False False True old: 34 8 False True True False
new: 33 9 False True False False old: 34 9 True False False True
new: 33 10 False False False True old: 33 9 False True True False
new: 32 9 False False True False old: 32 10 True False False True
new: 31 9 False True False False old: 32 9 True False True False
new: 31 8 False False True False old: 31 9 False True False True
new: 30 9 False False False True old: 30 8 False True True False
new: 30 10 False False False True old: 30 9 False False True True
new: 9 30 False True False False old: 10 30 True True False False
new: 8 30 False True False False old: 9 30 True True False False
new: 9 29 True False False False old: 8 29 False True True False
new: 10 29 True False False False old: 9 29 True True False False
new: 9 28 False True False False old: 10 28 True False True False
new: 8 28 False True False False old: 9 28 True True False False
new: 0 39 False True False False old: 1 39 True False True False
new: 0 40 False False False True old: 0 39 False True True False
new: 0 41 False False False True old: 0 40 False False True True
new: 124 41 False True False False old: 0 41 True False False True
new: 0 44 True False False False old: 124 44 True True False False
new: 0 45 False False False True old: 0 44 True False True False
new: 124 45 False True False False old: 0 45 True False False True
new: 0 47 True False False False old: 124 47 False True False True
new: 0 48 False False False True old: 0 47 True False True False
new: 1 48 True False False False old: 0 48 False True False True
new: 0 49 False True False False old: 1 49 True False False True
new: 124 49 False True False False old: 0 49 True True False False
new: 0 53 True False False False old: 124 53 True True False False
new: 1 53 True False False False old: 0 53 True True False False
new: 0 55 False True False False old: 1 55 True False True False
new: 0 56 False False False True old: 0 55 False True True False
new: 0 57 False False False True old: 0 56 False False True True
new: 0 58 False False False True old: 0 57 False False True True
new: 0 59 False False False True old: 0 58 False False True True
new: 124 59 False True False False old: 0 59 True False False True
new: 0 54 True False False False old: 124 54 False True True False
new: 1 54 True False False False old: 0 54 True True False False
new: 0 60 True False False False old: 124 60 True True False True
new: 1 60 True False False False old: 0 60 True True False False
new: 9 64 True False False False old: 8 64 True True False False
new: 9 65 False False False True old: 9 64 True False True False
new: 9 66 False False False True old: 9 65 False False True True
new: 10 66 True False False False old: 9 66 False True False True
new: 9 59 False True False False old: 10 59 True False False True
new: 9 60 False False False True old: 9 59 False True True False
new: 9 61 False False False True old: 9 60 False False True True
new: 9 62 False False False True old: 9 61 False False True True
new: 10 62 True False False False old: 9 62 False True False True
new: 9 63 False True False False old: 10 63 True False True True
new: 8 60 False True False False old: 9 60 True False True True
new: 9 57 True False False False old: 8 57 True True False False
new: 9 56 False False True False old: 9 57 True False False True
new: 10 56 True False False False old: 9 56 False True True False
new: 9 55 False True False False old: 10 55 True False True False
new: 9 54 False False True False old: 9 55 False True False True
new: 9 53 False False True False old: 9 54 False False True True
new: 9 52 False False True False old: 9 53 False False True True
new: 8 52 False True False False old: 9 52 True False True False
new: 9 51 True False False False old: 8 51 False True True False
new: 10 51 True False False False old: 9 51 True True False False
new: 9 48 False True False False old: 10 48 True False False True
new: 9 47 False False True False old: 9 48 False True False True
new: 8 47 False True False False old: 9 47 True False True False
new: 9 46 True False False False old: 8 46 False True True False
new: 10 46 True False False False old: 9 46 True True False False
new: 9 45 False True False False old: 10 45 True False True False
new: 9 44 False False True False old: 9 45 False True False True
new: 10 44 True False False False old: 9 44 False True True False
new: 9 37 False True False False old: 10 37 True False True False
new: 9 38 False False False True old: 9 37 False True True False
new: 8 38 False True False False old: 9 38 True False False True
new: 9 33 True False False False old: 8 33 True True False False
new: 9 34 False False False True old: 9 33 True False True False
new: 8 34 False True False False old: 9 34 True False False True
new: 9 36 True False False False old: 8 36 False True False True
new: 10 36 True False False False old: 9 36 True True False False
new: 9 35 False True False False old: 10 35 True True True False
new: 9 32 False False True False old: 9 33 True False True True
new: 8 32 False True False False old: 9 32 True False True False
new: 9 31 True False False False old: 8 31 False True True False
new: 9 39 True False False False old: 8 39 True True False False
new: 9 40 False False False True old: 9 39 True False True False
new: 8 40 False True False False old: 9 40 True False False True
new: 9 49 True False False False old: 8 49 True True False False
new: 10 49 True False False False old: 9 49 True True False False
new: 9 50 False True False False old: 10 50 True False False True
new: 8 50 False True False False old: 9 50 True True False False
new: 0 51 False True False False old: 1 51 True False False True
new: 0 52 False False False True old: 0 51 False True True False
new: 1 52 True False False False old: 0 52 False True False True
new: 0 50 False False True False old: 0 51 False True True True
new: 0 42 False True False False old: 1 42 True False True False
new: 0 43 False False False True old: 0 42 False True True False
new: 124 43 False True False False old: 0 43 True False False True
new: 0 46 False True False False old: 1 46 True False True True
new: 9 43 True False False False old: 8 43 False True True True
new: 9 42 False False True False old: 9 43 True False False True
new: 9 41 False False True False old: 9 42 False False True True
new: 10 41 True False False False old: 9 41 False True True False
new: 9 68 False True False False old: 10 68 True True False False
new: 8 68 False True False False old: 9 68 True True False False
new: 9 69 True False False False old: 8 69 False True True False
new: 9 70 False False False True old: 9 69 True False True False
new: 10 70 True False False False old: 9 70 False True False True
new: 9 72 False True False False old: 10 72 True True False False
new: 9 73 False False False True old: 9 72 False True True False
new: 9 74 False False False True old: 9 73 False False True True
new: 9 75 False False False True old: 9 74 False False True True
new: 8 75 False True False False old: 9 75 True False False True
new: 0 78 False True False False old: 1 78 True True False False
new: 124 78 False True False False old: 0 78 True True False False
new: 0 79 True False False False old: 124 79 False True False True
new: 1 79 True False False False old: 0 79 True True False False
new: 0 81 False True False False old: 1 81 True False False True
new: 124 81 False True False False old: 0 81 True True False False
new: 0 76 True False False False old: 124 76 True True False False
new: 0 77 False False False True old: 0 76 True False True False
new: 1 77 True False False False old: 0 77 False True False True
new: 9 71 True False False False old: 8 71 False True True False
new: 10 71 True False False False old: 9 71 True True False False
new: 124 77 False True False False old: 0 77 True True False True
new: 0 80 True False False False old: 124 80 True True False False
new: 0 87 True False False False old: 124 87 False True False True
new: 1 87 True False False False old: 0 87 True True False False
new: 9 82 True False False False old: 8 82 False True True False
new: 9 81 False False True False old: 9 82 True False False True
new: 9 80 False False True False old: 9 81 False False True True
new: 9 79 False False True False old: 9 80 False False True True
new: 9 78 False False True False old: 9 79 False False True True
new: 10 78 True False False False old: 9 78 False True True False
new: 9 77 False True False False old: 10 77 True True False False
new: 9 76 False False True False old: 9 77 False True False True
new: 10 76 True False False False old: 9 76 False True True False
new: 8 76 False True False False old: 9 76 True True True False
new: 0 85 False True False False old: 1 85 True True False False
new: 0 86 False False False True old: 0 85 False True True False
new: 0 84 False False True False old: 0 85 False True True True
new: 0 83 False False True False old: 0 84 False False True True
new: 1 83 True False False False old: 0 83 False True True False
new: 0 82 False True False False old: 1 82 True True False False
new: 9 83 False False False True old: 9 82 True False True True
new: 9 84 False False False True old: 9 83 False False True True
new: 9 85 False False False True old: 9 84 False False True True
new: 10 85 True False False False old: 9 85 False True False True
new: 9 90 False True False False old: 10 90 True True False False
new: 9 89 False False True False old: 9 90 False True False True
new: 9 88 False False True False old: 9 89 False False True True
new: 9 87 False False True False old: 9 88 False False True True
new: 9 86 False False True False old: 9 87 False False True True
new: 8 89 False True False False old: 9 89 True False True True
new: 9 91 False False False True old: 9 90 False True True True
new: 9 92 False False False True old: 9 91 False False True True
new: 9 93 False False False True old: 9 92 False False True True
new: 8 93 False True False False old: 9 93 True False False True
new: 9 94 True False False False old: 8 94 False True False True
new: 10 94 True False False False old: 9 94 True True False False
new: 19 0 False False False True old: 19 124 True False True False
new: 18 0 False True False False old: 19 0 True False False True
new: 17 0 False True False False old: 18 0 True True False False
new: 16 0 False True False False old: 17 0 True True False False
new: 15 0 False True False False old: 16 0 True True False False
new: 15 1 False False False True old: 15 0 False True True False
new: 14 9 False False False True old: 14 8 True False True False
new: 13 9 False True False False old: 14 9 True False False True
new: 12 9 False True False False old: 13 9 True True False False
new: 11 9 False True False False old: 12 9 True True False False
new: 11 10 False False False True old: 11 9 False True True False
new: 24 9 False False True False old: 24 10 False True False True
new: 24 8 False False True False old: 24 9 False False True True
new: 25 9 False False False True old: 25 8 True False True False
new: 26 9 True False False False old: 25 9 False True False True
new: 26 10 False False False True old: 26 9 True False True False
new: 16 9 False False False True old: 16 8 False True True False
new: 16 10 False False False True old: 16 9 False False True True
new: 17 9 False False True False old: 17 10 False False True True
new: 18 9 True False False False old: 17 9 False True True False
new: 18 10 False False False True old: 18 9 True False True False
new: 20 9 False False True False old: 20 10 True False False True
new: 21 9 True False False False old: 20 9 False True True False
new: 21 10 False False False True old: 21 9 True False True False
new: 21 8 False False True False old: 21 9 True False True True
new: 23 9 False False False True old: 23 8 True False True False
new: 22 9 False True False False old: 23 9 True False False True
new: 19 9 False False False True old: 19 8 True True True False
new: 15 9 False False True False old: 15 10 True False False True
new: 15 8 False False True False old: 15 9 False False True True
new: 22 0 False False True False old: 22 1 False False True True
new: 23 0 True False False False old: 22 0 False True True False
new: 23 1 False False False True old: 23 0 True False True False
new: 24 0 True False False False old: 23 0 True True True False
new: 24 124 False False True False old: 24 0 True False False True
new: 37 0 False False False True old: 37 124 True False True False
new: 36 0 False True False False old: 37 0 True False False True
new: 32 0 False False False True old: 32 124 True False True False
new: 32 1 False False False True old: 32 0 False False True True
new: 25 0 False False False True old: 25 124 False True True False
new: 26 0 True False False False old: 25 0 False True False True
new: 27 0 True False False False old: 26 0 True True False False
new: 27 1 False False False True old: 27 0 True False True False
new: 28 0 False False True False old: 28 1 True False False True
new: 28 124 False False True False old: 28 0 False False True True
new: 20 0 False False False True old: 20 124 False True True False
new: 21 0 True False False False old: 20 0 False True False True
new: 21 1 False False False True old: 21 0 True False True False
new: 9 16 False True False False old: 10 16 True True False False
new: 9 15 False False True False old: 9 16 False True False True
new: 8 15 False True False False old: 9 15 True False True False
new: 9 17 True False False False old: 8 17 False True False True
new: 10 17 True False False False old: 9 17 True True False False
new: 9 24 False True False False old: 10 24 True True False False
new: 9 25 False False False True old: 9 24 False True True False
new: 8 25 False True False False old: 9 25 True False False True
new: 0 23 False True False False old: 1 23 True True False False
new: 0 22 False False True False old: 0 23 False True False True
new: 124 22 False True False False old: 0 22 True False True False
new: 0 24 True False False False old: 124 24 False True True False
new: 0 25 False False False True old: 0 24 True False True False
new: 1 25 True False False False old: 0 25 False True False True
new: 9 27 True False False False old: 8 27 True True False False
new: 10 27 True False False False old: 9 27 True True False False
new: 9 26 False True False False old: 10 26 True False True True
new: 8 26 False True False False old: 9 26 True True False False
new: 0 29 False True False False old: 1 29 True True False False
new: 124 29 False True False False old: 0 29 True True False False
new: 0 32 True False False False old: 124 32 False True False True
new: 0 31 False False True False old: 0 32 True False False True
new: 0 30 False False True False old: 0 31 False False True True
new: 1 30 True False False False old: 0 30 False True True False
new: 0 35 False True False False old: 1 35 True False True False
new: 0 34 False False True False old: 0 35 False True False True
new: 124 34 False True False False old: 0 34 True False True False
new: 0 37 True False False False old: 124 37 False True False True
new: 0 38 False False False True old: 0 37 True False True False
new: 1 38 True False False False old: 0 38 False True False True
new: 124 38 False True False False old: 0 38 True True False True
new: 0 36 False False True False old: 0 37 True False True True
new: 0 16 True False False False old: 124 16 True True False False
new: 0 15 False False True False old: 0 16 True False False True
new: 0 14 False False True False old: 0 15 False False True True
new: 0 13 False False True False old: 0 14 False False True True
new: 124 13 False True False False old: 0 13 True False True False
new: 123 9 False False True False old: 123 10 True False False True
new: 122 9 False True False False old: 123 9 True False True False
new: 121 9 False True False False old: 122 9 True True False False
new: 120 9 False True False False old: 121 9 True True False False
new: 120 8 False False True False old: 120 9 False True False True
new: 119 9 False False False True old: 119 8 False False True True
new: 119 10 False False False True old: 119 9 False False True True
new: 118 9 False False True False old: 118 10 False True False True
new: 118 8 False False True False old: 118 9 False False True True
new: 0 2 True False False False old: 124 2 False True True False
new: 0 3 False False False True old: 0 2 True False True False
new: 0 4 False False False True old: 0 3 False False True True
new: 0 5 False False False True old: 0 4 False False True True
new: 0 6 False False False True old: 0 5 False False True True
new: 1 6 True False False False old: 0 6 False True False True
new: 2 0 False False True False old: 2 1 True False False True
new: 2 124 False False True False old: 2 0 False False True True
new: 0 124 False True False False old: 1 124 True False False True
new: 0 123 False False True False old: 0 124 False True False True
new: 0 122 False False True False old: 0 123 False False True True
new: 0 121 False False True False old: 0 122 False False True True
new: 124 121 False True False False old: 0 121 True False True False
new: 124 0 False False False True old: 124 124 True False True False
new: 123 0 False True False False old: 124 0 True False False True
new: 122 0 False True False False old: 123 0 True True False False
new: 122 1 False False False True old: 122 0 False True True False
new: 120 0 False False True False old: 120 1 False False True True
new: 121 0 True False False False old: 120 0 False True True False
new: 121 1 False False False True old: 121 0 True False True False
new: 119 0 False True False False old: 120 0 True True True False
new: 119 1 False False False True old: 119 0 False True True False
new: 117 0 False False True False old: 117 1 False False True True
new: 116 0 False True False False old: 117 0 True False True False
new: 115 0 False True False False old: 116 0 True True False False
new: 115 124 False False True False old: 115 0 False True False True
new: 111 0 False False False True old: 111 124 False True True False
new: 112 0 True False False False old: 111 0 False True False True
new: 112 1 False False False True old: 112 0 True False True False
new: 113 0 False False True False old: 113 1 True False False True
new: 114 0 True False False False old: 113 0 False True True False
new: 114 1 False False False True old: 114 0 True False True False
new: 117 9 False False False True old: 117 8 False False True True
new: 116 9 False True False False old: 117 9 True False False True
new: 116 8 False False True False old: 116 9 False True False True
new: 115 9 False False False True old: 115 8 False True True False
new: 115 10 False False False True old: 115 9 False False True True
new: 114 9 False False True False old: 114 10 False False True True
new: 114 8 False False True False old: 114 9 False False True True
new: 99 0 False False True False old: 99 1 False False True True
new: 100 0 True False False False old: 99 0 False True True False
new: 101 0 True False False False old: 100 0 True True False False
new: 102 0 True False False False old: 101 0 True True False False
new: 102 124 False False True False old: 102 0 True False False True
new: 103 0 False False False True old: 103 124 False False True True
new: 103 1 False False False True old: 103 0 False False True True
new: 104 0 False False True False old: 104 1 True False False True
new: 105 0 True False False False old: 104 0 False True True False
new: 105 1 False False False True old: 105 0 True False True False
new: 107 0 False False True False old: 107 1 False False True True
new: 107 124 False False True False old: 107 0 False False True True
new: 87 0 False False False True old: 87 124 True False True False
new: 86 0 False True False False old: 87 0 True False False True
new: 86 1 False False False True old: 86 0 False True True False
new: 89 0 False False True False old: 89 1 False False True True
new: 89 124 False False True False old: 89 0 False False True True
new: 90 0 False False False True old: 90 124 True False True False
new: 91 0 True False False False old: 90 0 False True False True
new: 91 1 False False False True old: 91 0 True False True False
new: 93 0 False False True False old: 93 1 False True False True
new: 92 0 False True False False old: 93 0 True False True False
new: 92 1 False False False True old: 92 0 False True True False
new: 92 124 False False True False old: 92 0 False True True True
new: 94 0 False False False True old: 94 124 False True True False
new: 95 0 True False False False old: 94 0 False True False True
new: 95 1 False False False True old: 95 0 True False True False
new: 98 0 False False True False old: 98 1 True False False True
new: 98 124 False False True False old: 98 0 False False True True
new: 97 0 False False False True old: 97 124 False True True False
new: 96 0 False True False False old: 97 0 True False False True
new: 96 124 False False True False old: 96 0 False True False True
new: 88 0 False False False True old: 88 124 False True True False
new: 88 1 False False False True old: 88 0 False False True True
new: 118 0 False False False True old: 118 124 True False True False
new: 118 1 False False False True old: 118 0 False False True True
new: 108 0 False False False True old: 108 124 False True True False
new: 108 1 False False False True old: 108 0 False False True True
new: 109 0 False False True False old: 109 1 True False False True
new: 110 0 True False False False old: 109 0 False True True False
new: 110 124 False False True False old: 110 0 True False False True
new: 110 1 False False False True old: 110 0 True False True True
new: 106 0 False False False True old: 106 124 True True True False
new: 0 1 True False False False old: 124 1 True True False False
new: 0 0 False False True False old: 0 1 True False False True
new: 1 0 True False False False old: 0 0 False True True False
new: 0 120 True False False False old: 124 120 False True False True
new: 0 119 False False True False old: 0 120 True False False True
new: 0 118 False False True False old: 0 119 False False True True
new: 0 117 False False True False old: 0 118 False False True True
new: 0 116 False False True False old: 0 117 False False True True
new: 1 116 True False False False old: 0 116 False True True False
new: 0 115 False True False False old: 1 115 True False True False
new: 124 115 False True False False old: 0 115 True True False False
new: 0 114 True False False False old: 124 114 False True True False
new: 0 113 False False True False old: 0 114 True False False True
new: 124 113 False True False False old: 0 113 True False True False
new: 1 113 True False False False old: 0 113 True True True False
new: 9 122 True False False False old: 8 122 True True False False
new: 10 122 True False False False old: 9 122 True True False False
new: 9 118 False True False False old: 10 118 True False True False
new: 8 118 False True False False old: 9 118 True True False False
new: 9 119 True False False False old: 8 119 True True False False
new: 9 120 False False False True old: 9 119 True False True False
new: 9 121 False False False True old: 9 120 False False True True
new: 9 113 True False False False old: 8 113 True True False False
new: 10 113 True False False False old: 9 113 True True False False
new: 9 108 False True False False old: 10 108 True False True False
new: 9 109 False False False True old: 9 108 False True True False
new: 8 109 False True False False old: 9 109 True False False True
new: 9 106 True False False False old: 8 106 True True False False
new: 9 107 False False False True old: 9 106 True False True False
new: 10 107 True False False False old: 9 107 False True False True
new: 9 104 False True False False old: 10 104 True False True False
new: 9 105 False False False True old: 9 104 False True True False
new: 8 105 False True False False old: 9 105 True False False True
new: 9 102 True False False False old: 8 102 False True True False
new: 10 102 True False False False old: 9 102 True True False False
new: 9 103 False True False False old: 10 103 True True False True
new: 9 101 False True False False old: 10 101 True False True False
new: 9 100 False False True False old: 9 101 False True False True
new: 10 100 True False False False old: 9 100 False True True False
new: 9 99 False True False False old: 10 99 True False True False
new: 8 99 False True False False old: 9 99 True True False False
new: 9 98 True False False False old: 8 98 True True False False
new: 9 97 False False True False old: 9 98 True False False True
new: 8 97 False True False False old: 9 97 True False True False
new: 0 106 False True False False old: 1 106 True False True False
new: 0 105 False False True False old: 0 106 False True False True
new: 0 104 False False True False old: 0 105 False False True True
new: 124 104 False True False False old: 0 104 True False True False
new: 0 102 True False False False old: 124 102 False True True False
new: 0 101 False False True False old: 0 102 True False False True
new: 124 101 False True False False old: 0 101 True False True False
new: 1 101 True False False False old: 0 101 True True True False
new: 0 103 False True False False old: 1 103 True True False True
new: 0 107 False False False True old: 0 106 False True True True
new: 9 95 True False False False old: 8 95 True True True False
new: 9 96 False False False True old: 9 95 True False True False
new: 10 96 True False False False old: 9 96 False True False True
new: 9 110 False False False True old: 9 109 True False True True
new: 10 110 True False False False old: 9 110 False True False True
new: 9 111 False True False False old: 10 111 True False False True
new: 9 112 False False False True old: 9 111 False True True False
new: 8 112 False True False False old: 9 112 True False False True
new: 12 0 False False False True old: 12 124 False True True False
new: 11 0 False True False False old: 12 0 True False False True
new: 11 1 False False False True old: 11 0 False True True False
new: 14 0 False False True False old: 14 1 False False True True
new: 13 0 False True False False old: 14 0 True False True False
new: 13 1 False False False True old: 13 0 False True True False
new: 9 6 False True False False old: 10 6 True False False True
new: 8 6 False True False False old: 9 6 True True False False
new: 6 9 False False False True old: 6 8 False True True False
new: 7 9 True False False False old: 6 9 False True False True
new: 8 9 True False False False old: 7 9 True True False False
new: 8 8 False False True False old: 8 9 True False False True
new: 9 8 True False False False old: 8 8 False True True False
new: 9 9 False False False True old: 9 8 True False True False
new: 10 9 True False False False old: 9 9 False True False True
new: 10 8 False False True False old: 10 9 True False False True
new: 9 7 False True False False old: 10 7 True False True False
new: 10 10 False False False True old: 10 9 True False True True
new: 9 11 False True False False old: 10 11 True False False True
new: 8 11 False True False False old: 9 11 True True False False
new: 9 14 True False False False old: 8 14 False True False True
new: 10 14 True False False False old: 9 14 True True False False
new: 9 13 False True False False old: 10 13 True False True False
new: 9 12 False False True False old: 9 13 False True False True
new: 10 12 True False False False old: 9 12 False True True False
new: 9 10 True False False False old: 8 10 True True False False
new: 5 9 False False True False old: 5 10 True True False True
new: 5 8 False False True False old: 5 9 False False True True
new: 4 9 False False False True old: 4 8 False True True False
new: 3 9 False True False False old: 4 9 True False False True
new: 2 9 False True False False old: 3 9 True True False False
new: 2 10 False False False True old: 2 9 False True True False
new: 0 11 False True False False old: 1 11 True False False True
new: 0 10 False False True False old: 0 11 False True False True
new: 0 9 False False True False old: 0 10 False False True True
new: 1 9 True False False False old: 0 9 False True True False
new: 1 8 False False True False old: 1 9 True False False True
new: 0 8 False True False False old: 1 8 True False True False
new: 0 7 False False True False old: 0 8 False True False True
new: 1 7 True False False False old: 0 7 False True True False
new: 124 7 False True False False old: 0 7 True True True False
new: 124 9 False False False True old: 124 8 False False True True
new: 124 10 False False False True old: 124 9 False False True True
new: 0 12 True False False False old: 124 12 True True False False
new: 0 17 False True False False old: 1 17 True False False True
new: 124 17 False True False False old: 0 17 True True False False
new: 0 28 True False False False old: 124 28 True True False False
new: 0 27 False False True False old: 0 28 True False False True
new: 0 26 False False True False old: 0 27 False False True True
new: 124 26 False True False False old: 0 26 True False True False
new: 0 19 True False False False old: 124 19 True True False False
new: 0 20 False False False True old: 0 19 True False True False
new: 0 21 False False False True old: 0 20 False False True True
new: 124 21 False True False False old: 0 21 True False False True
new: 0 18 False False True False old: 0 19 True False True True
new: 1 27 True False False False old: 0 27 False True True True
new: 9 22 True False False False old: 8 22 False True True False
new: 9 21 False False True False old: 9 22 True False False True
new: 9 20 False False True False old: 9 21 False False True True
new: 8 20 False True False False old: 9 20 True False True False
new: 9 19 True False False False old: 8 19 False True True False
new: 9 18 False False True False old: 9 19 True False False True
new: 10 18 True False False False old: 9 18 False True True False
new: 8 18 False True False False old: 9 18 True True True False
new: 9 23 False False False True old: 9 22 True False True True
new: 9 5 True False False False old: 8 5 True True False False
new: 9 4 False False True False old: 9 5 True False False True
new: 9 3 False False True False old: 9 4 False False True True
new: 9 2 False False True False old: 9 3 False False True True
new: 10 2 True False False False old: 9 2 False True True False
new: 10 0 False False True False old: 10 1 False False True True
new: 10 124 False False True False old: 10 0 False False True True
new: 9 124 False True False False old: 10 124 True False True False
new: 8 124 False True False False old: 9 124 True True False False
new: 8 0 False False False True old: 8 124 False True True False
new: 8 1 False False False True old: 8 0 False False True True
new: 7 0 False False True False old: 7 1 False False True True
new: 6 0 False True False False old: 7 0 True False True False
new: 5 0 False True False False old: 6 0 True True False False
new: 4 0 False True False False old: 5 0 True True False False
new: 4 124 False False True False old: 4 0 False True False True
new: 9 123 True False False False old: 8 123 True True False False
new: 3 0 False False False True old: 3 124 False True True True
new: 3 1 False False False True old: 3 0 False False True True
new: 9 1 True False False False old: 8 1 False True True True
new: 9 0 False False True False old: 9 1 True False False True
new: 9 114 False True False False old: 10 114 True True False False
new: 9 115 False False False True old: 9 114 False True True False
new: 9 116 False False False True old: 9 115 False False True True
new: 9 117 False False False True old: 9 116 False False True True
new: 10 117 True False False False old: 9 117 False True False True
new: 0 33 True False False False old: 124 33 True True False False
new: 8 85 False True False False old: 9 85 True True False True
new: 9 67 True False False False old: 8 67 False True False True
new: 10 67 True False False False old: 9 67 True True False False
new: 9 58 False False False True old: 9 57 True False True True
new: 35 9 False False True False old: 35 10 True False True True
new: 68 0 False False False True old: 68 124 True False True False
new: 68 1 False False False True old: 68 0 False False True True
new: 67 0 False False True False old: 67 1 False True True True
new: 71 0 True False False False old: 70 0 True True False True
new: 71 124 False False True False old: 71 0 True False False True
new: 72 0 False False False True old: 72 124 True False True False
new: 72 1 False False False True old: 72 0 False False True True
new: 73 0 True False False False old: 72 0 False True True True
new: 74 0 True False False False old: 73 0 True True False False
new: 74 124 False False True False old: 74 0 True False False True
new: 75 0 False False False True old: 75 124 False True True False
new: 76 0 True False False False old: 75 0 False True False True
new: 77 0 True False False False old: 76 0 True True False False
new: 77 1 False False False True old: 77 0 True False True False
new: 81 0 False False True False old: 81 1 True False True True
new: 80 0 False True False False old: 81 0 True False True False
new: 80 124 False False True False old: 80 0 False True False True
new: 79 0 False True False False old: 80 0 True True False True
new: 78 0 False True False False old: 79 0 True True False False
new: 77 9 False False False True old: 77 8 False True True False
new: 76 9 False True False False old: 77 9 True False False True
new: 76 10 False False False True old: 76 9 False True True False
new: 78 9 False False True False old: 78 10 True False False True
new: 79 9 True False False False old: 78 9 False True True False
new: 80 9 True False False False old: 79 9 True True False False
new: 80 10 False False False True old: 80 9 True False True False
new: 81 9 False False True False old: 81 10 True False False True
new: 81 8 False False True False old: 81 9 False False True True
new: 83 9 False False False True old: 83 8 True False True False
new: 82 9 False True False False old: 83 9 True False False True
new: 82 10 False False False True old: 82 9 False True True False
new: 85 10 False False False True old: 85 9 True True True False
new: 88 9 True False False False old: 87 9 False True True True
new: 89 9 True False False False old: 88 9 True True False False
new: 89 8 False False True False old: 89 9 True False False True
new: 90 9 True False False False old: 89 9 True True False True
new: 91 9 True False False False old: 90 9 True True False False
new: 92 9 True False False False old: 91 9 True True False False
new: 93 9 True False False False old: 92 9 True True False False
new: 94 9 True False False False old: 93 9 True True False False
new: 94 10 False False False True old: 94 9 True False True False
new: 96 9 False False True False old: 96 10 False False True True
new: 95 9 False True False False old: 96 9 True False True False
new: 95 8 False False True False old: 95 9 False True False True
new: 97 9 True False False False old: 96 9 True True True False
new: 97 10 False False False True old: 97 9 True False True False
new: 104 9 False False True False old: 104 10 False True False True
new: 105 9 True False False False old: 104 9 False True True False
new: 106 9 True False False False old: 105 9 True True False False
new: 107 9 True False False False old: 106 9 True True False False
new: 108 9 True False False False old: 107 9 True True False False
new: 108 10 False False False True old: 108 9 True False True False
new: 104 8 False False True False old: 104 9 False True True True
new: 103 9 False False False True old: 103 8 False True True False
new: 102 9 False True False False old: 103 9 True False False True
new: 102 8 False False True False old: 102 9 False True False True
new: 100 9 False False False True old: 100 8 False True True True
new: 101 9 True False False False old: 100 9 False True False True
new: 101 10 False False False True old: 101 9 True False True False
new: 0 69 True False False False old: 124 69 False True False True
new: 0 70 False False False True old: 0 69 True False True False
new: 124 70 False True False False old: 0 70 True False False True
new: 0 71 True False False False old: 124 71 True True False True
new: 1 70 True False False False old: 0 70 True True False True
new: 0 68 False True False False old: 1 68 True False True False
new: 0 67 False False True False old: 0 68 False True False True
new: 0 66 False False True False old: 0 67 False False True True
new: 0 65 False False True False old: 0 66 False False True True
new: 0 64 False False True False old: 0 65 False False True True
new: 1 64 True False False False old: 0 64 False True True False
new: 0 109 True False False False old: 124 109 False True True False
new: 71 9 False False True False old: 71 10 False False True True
new: 72 9 True False False False old: 71 9 False True True False
new: 72 10 False False False True old: 72 9 True False True False
new: 73 9 False False True False old: 73 10 True False False True
new: 70 9 False True False False old: 71 9 True True True False
new: 70 8 False False True False old: 70 9 False True False True
new: 69 9 False True False False old: 70 9 True True False True
new: 68 9 False True False False old: 69 9 True True False False
new: 67 9 False True False False old: 68 9 True True False False
new: 67 10 False False False True old: 67 9 False True True False
new: 65 9 False False True False old: 65 10 False False True True
new: 65 8 False False True False old: 65 9 False False True True
new: 66 9 False False False True old: 66 8 False False True True
new: 52 0 False False True False old: 52 1 False True False True
new: 52 124 False False True False old: 52 0 False False True True
new: 51 0 False False False True old: 51 124 False False True True
new: 51 1 False False False True old: 51 0 False False True True
new: 58 0 False False False True old: 58 124 True False True False
new: 58 1 False False False True old: 58 0 False False True True
new: 59 0 False False True False old: 59 1 True False False True
new: 55 0 False False True False old: 55 1 False False True True
new: 54 0 False True False False old: 55 0 True False True False
new: 53 0 False True False False old: 54 0 True True False False
new: 54 1 False False False True old: 54 0 True True True False
new: 56 0 True False False False old: 55 0 True True True False
new: 57 0 True False False False old: 56 0 True True False False
new: 62 0 False False True False old: 62 1 True False True True
new: 61 0 False True False False old: 62 0 True False True False
new: 46 0 False False False True old: 46 124 False False True True
new: 47 0 True False False False old: 46 0 False True False True
new: 47 124 False False True False old: 47 0 True False False True
new: 49 0 False False False True old: 49 124 True False True False
new: 49 1 False False False True old: 49 0 False False True True
new: 48 0 False False True False old: 48 1 False True False True
new: 45 0 False True False False old: 46 0 True True False True
new: 44 0 False True False False old: 45 0 True True False False
new: 44 124 False False True False old: 44 0 False True False True
new: 41 0 False False True False old: 41 1 True True False True
new: 41 124 False False True False old: 41 0 False False True True
